{"en":"For years,  villagers believed that Endley Farm was hunted. ^ ","ch":"多年来， 村民们一直认为恩得利农场在闹鬼。  "}
{"en":"The farm was owned by two brothers,  Joe and Bob Cox. ^ ","ch":"恩得利农场属于乔. 考科斯和鲍勃. 考科斯兄弟俩所有。  "}
{"en":"They employed a few farmhands,  but no one was willing to work there long. ^ ","ch":"他们雇了几个农工， 但谁也不愿意在那儿长期工作下去。  "}
{"en":"Every time a worker gave up his job,  he told the same story. ^ ","ch":"每次雇工辞职后都叙述着同样的故事。  "}
{"en":"Farm labourers said that they always woke up to find that work had been done overnight. ^ ","ch":"雇工们说， 常常一早起来发现有人在夜里把活干了，  "}
{"en":"Hay had been cut and cowsheds had been cleaned. ^ ","ch":"干草已切好， 牛棚也打扫干净了。  "}
{"en":"A farm worker,  who stayed up all night claimed to have seen a figure cutting corn in the moonlight. ^ ","ch":"有一个彻夜未眠的雇工还声称他看见一个人影在月光下收割庄稼。  "}
{"en":"In time,  it became an accepted fact that the Cox brothers employed a conscientious ghost that did most of their work for them. ^ ","ch":"随着时间的流逝， 考科斯兄弟雇了一个尽心尽责的鬼， 他们家的活大部分都让鬼给干了， 这件事成了公认的事实。  "}
{"en":"No one suspected that there might be someone else on the farm who had never been seen. ^ ","ch":"谁也没想到农场竟会有一个从未露面的人。  "}
{"en":"A short time ago,  villagers were astonished to learn that the ghost of Endley had died. ^ ","ch":"不久之前， 村民们惊悉恩得利农场的鬼死了。  "}
{"en":"Everyone went to the funeral,  for the 'ghost' was none other than Eric Cox,  a third brother who was supposed to have died as a young man. ^ ","ch":"大家都去参加了葬礼， 因为那“鬼”不是别人， 正是农场主的兄弟埃里克. 考科斯。 人们以为埃里克年轻时就死了。  "}
{"en":"After the funeral,  Joe and Bob revealed a secret which they had kept for over fifty years. ^ ","ch":"葬礼之后， 乔和鲍勃透露了他们保守了长达50多年的秘密。  "}
{"en":"Eric had been the eldest son of the family,  very much older than his two brothers. ^ ","ch":"埃里克是这家长子。 年龄比他两个弟弟大很多，  "}
{"en":"He had been obliged to join the army during the Second World War. ^ ","ch":"第二次世界大战期间被迫参军。  "}
{"en":"As he hated army life,  he decided to desert his regiment. ^ ","ch":"他讨厌军旅生活， 决定逃离所在部队。  "}
{"en":"When he learnt that he would be sent abroad,  he returned to the farm and his father hid him until the end of the war. ^ ","ch":"当他了解自己将被派遣出国时， 他逃回农场， 父亲把他藏了起来， 直到战争结束。  "}
{"en":"Fearing the authorities,  Eric remained in hiding after the war as well. ^ ","ch":"由于害怕当局， 埃里克战后继续深藏不露。  "}
{"en":"His father told everybody that Eric had been killed in action. ^ ","ch":"他的父亲告诉大家， 埃里克在战争中被打死了。  "}
{"en":"The only other people who knew the secret were Joe and Bob. ^ ","ch":"除此之外， 只有乔与鲍知道这个秘密。  "}
{"en":"When their father died,  they thought it their duty to keep Eric in hiding. ^ ","ch":"父亲死后， 他们兄弟俩认为有责任继续把埃里克藏起来。  "}
{"en":"All these years,  Eric had lived as a recluse. ^ ","ch":"这些年来， 埃里克过着隐士生活，  "}
{"en":"He used to sleep during the day and work at night,  quite unaware of the fact that he had become the ghost of Endley. ^ ","ch":"白天睡觉， 夜里出来干活， 一点不知道自己已成了恩得利家场的活鬼。  "}
{"en":"When he died,  however,  his brothers found it impossible to keep the secret any longer. ^ ","ch":"他死后， 他的弟弟们才觉得无法再保守这个秘密了。  "}